Fix OTel endpoint resolution and improve documentation (#31909)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/opentelemetry.adoc

== Exporters

Quarkus OpenTelemetry defaults to the standard OTLP exporter defined in OpenTelemetry.

> You can change the exporter by using the `quarkus.otel.traces.exporter` property. By default, it is set to `cdi`, and uses our old exporter for compatibility reasons. You can set it to `otlp` to use the stock OpenTelemetry exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the exporter by using the `quarkus.otel.traces.exporter` property.
By default, it is set to `cdi`, and uses our own exporter which is a lot more configurable than the stock OpenTelemetry exporter.
You can set it to `otlp` to use the stock OpenTelemetry exporter if it is your preference.
```
